result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:3 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:4 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:4 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:3 sec
result-loss time:3 sec
result-loss time:3 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:7 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:14 sec
result-loss time:15 sec
result-loss time:15 sec
result-loss time:7 sec
result-loss time:3 sec
result-loss time:4 sec
result-win time:17 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:3 sec
result-loss time:4 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:3 sec
result-loss time:7 sec
result-loss time:5 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:5 sec
result-win time:4 sec
result-win time:6 sec
result-loss time:0 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:3 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-win time:10 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:4 sec
result-loss time:10 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:0 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:0 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-win time:2 sec
result-win time:4 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:4 sec
result-loss time:6 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:0 sec
result-loss time:4 sec
result-loss time:7 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:12 sec
result-loss time:6 sec
result-loss time:8 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:6 sec
result-loss time:3 sec
result-loss time:9 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-loss time:4 sec
result-loss time:10 sec
result-loss time:1 sec
result-loss time:2 sec
result-win time:15 sec
